this is the scene of one of the
deadliest Israeli attacks that there's
been in Gaza since this military
offensive began local people tell us
that there were six family homes in this
area of the Khan Unice refugee camp it's
an area which is very overcrowded lots
of people living cheek by jow and you
can see that now All That Remains of
these homes is a mangle of iron concrete
and bits of debris The Leftovers of
family life to scarf here a little kid's
jumper this is an area which is
residential the people say there was no
warning given that this was about to
happen and that the family the alhed
family whose house once stood over here
where now there's just a patch of empty
sand had nothing to do with any militant
activity people here are very angry
about what's happened just along the
street we've seen people grieving
weeping openly and the funeral is now
about to take place